---
blogpost: true
date: Sept 18, 2022
author: Seth Doty
tags: thesis
category: Doctorate
---

I have struggled to find the time to write here since getting the page up. There are a lot of contributing and most
sound like excuses, but I'll share them anyway since they are relevant to a number of posts
that I'm looking to write.

I started this site as I was entering the home stretch on my Masters in Data Analytics. I was very incentivized to get
that program done so I didn't have to extend into another round of tuition. I spent a lot of time
fairly focused and finished that up in May. I took a bit of time to myself after that, making up for all the things I
missed doing while I was trying to get projects done, but fairly quickly I realized that I wasn't getting
the same satisfaction from those tasks. They were fun, but they were clearly a distraction from something else. I began to realize
they what they were distracting me from was the original goal I set for myself, to get my Masters and use that to to work on a Doctorate Degree in Cybersecurity. You
can of course guess what I did next.

I was already looking into schools when I was finishing up the Masters Program, so I had a head start on my research and started to reach out to
the programs on my list. I narrowed it down to two schools, Dakota State and Capital Technology University. I don't want to get into too many details since I think
both programs were good, but CapTechU's Cybersecurity Doctorate won out for me. I was impressed with their education model, the work load, the staff, and the general
way they approached a program like this. So here I am, a few weeks into the program trying to figure out my problem statement as I adapt to a new school, and a different
type of work. I don't think it will help me be more consistent with my writing, but I do want to try to share my journey as much as I can. The act of writing will help
me do get into a habit, while forcing me to consider how I present ideas. These topics may end up only being useful to me, but I hope that the journey is useful to others.

Seth
